Dear Kristian,

This is our PiRovers Project's status update as of the week of Apirl 1, 2018.

Current/Recent Progress:

Hardware
Since the last status update, we have begun troubleshooting for the PiRover;
Movement, stability, terrain, and other basic troubleshooting.
We have also fixed a few bugs with the PiRover such as a circuitry issue with
the PCB. The issue was causing the PiRover's sensor to be grounded and current
was not able to pass through.

On March 24th 2018, our replacement microphone for the voice application to the
PiRover has arrived. Testing for this function has begun. Unfortunately we are
still having software issues causing invalid inputs/outputs.

Android Application
In our android application, we have begun more testing on the application
as the application aspects is meeting its final stage. Although we are still
redesigning the application, we believe the app is working the way we have
imagined.

Database
The database we have chosen has been working successfully. As we have begun
testing on both application and hardware, the database is also being tested.
Data is being sucessfully delivered to the database from the android application.
Link for our current database:
https://auth-db132.hostinger.com/sql.php?server=1&db=u352817062_bane&table=pirover&pos=0&token=a79514e8bf8d4521007747c306b445c8


Other Problems
The set back of the microphone as written in our previous update report, has caused
us to be behind of our schedule for implementing the voice control. This has delayed
implementation, testing, and user easy to use application for the voice control.

The android application forwards, backwards, left and right buttons, can be adjusted
to be pressed at the same time. The issue it's causing now is, if two movements
are addressed simutanously it will cause the application to get stuck/unresponsive.


Financial
The microphone has arrived safely and is working well compared to the old microphone
delivered. We have not paid any extra fees for the substitution.

From,
Lawrence Puig